All right.
In the last section we have installed next year, 13.
In this section, we're going to install 12 and CSS.
But before installing the 12 CSS, I would like to change the fabric on of this project.
So if you start a server again using NPM run diff.
And we opened the local 3000.
I think it's already open so we can just.
As refresh the page here.
We see that our website doesn't have any fabric on or they should show us the fabric for the versal.
So we want to create a fabric.
And I want to show you a website for finding the Google fabric icon.
Their website is called The Free.
SVG.
SVG is kind of format for the images that can scale without reducing its quality.
So there is a website called Free SPG dot org.
If you click on this one and here in the search bar we can search for Google and.
In the search result, we can just click on the Google icon, which is an SVG icon.
Now we can download this widget by clicking on the download SBT icon.
So here we can just drag the icon that is downloaded, bring it to our Visual Studio code.
First, we need to open the Explorer section using Contour B.
So let me open it.
This one first.
So we have the Explorer here.
Let's drag it again, bring it here, and we put it inside the public folder.
I just want to change the name of this file to Abercarn.
And inside the head, the G6.
We just changed this fabric on IKO to five icon dot SVG and we can just get rid of the previous file
and also these icons that we have here.
Now if you look at our website here, this is the localhost 3000.
You can see the five icon is the Google icon.
So now it's time to install tailwind CSS.
So we just go back to Google and we search for Tailwind CSIS.
And in the search result, we click on tailwind.
CSIS that com.
So here you can just click on the Get Started button.
And as we are using 12 and CSS and it's as we are using next year and next year is an is a framework.
So we click here in the installation tab on the framework guide.
And here we click on the next JS icon.
So as you can see, this is the setting up, Taylor says, in next year's project.
There are a couple of steps.
The first step is to create our project, which we have already done by using Create Next App.
The next step is to install tailwind CSS and it's initialize it.
So we need to first copy this install.
Code, which is going to install CSS, post, CSS and auto prefix for.
So we're going to come back here inside our visual city code.
We can stop the server using contrast, see y and we can just paste code here.
And after the installing these three packages, we need to come back and initialize table six, which
is going to create some files, the config files inside our Explorer section.
So we wait for the installation to be completed.
And it's very fast.
And then let me clear here.
After the installation, we're going to paste the initialization of Taylor CSS.
This is going to create some files here, which is processes that config that is and Telvin that conflicts
us.
And if you look at the documentation again, in order to use it, we need to configure our template
paths in next year's piece as we are using App directory and also as RC folder.
We need to add these folders inside the Tillman that conflicts us.
So I'm going to copy all these things inside the tail when that conflict.
JS We can come back to the Visual Studio code and we go inside the Telvin config JJ's.
And we're going to delete everything and paste the new code that is having the app directory and also
the CRC directory.
No terminal system is able to scan all the files with the extension tests, JST JS, X and RTS X inside
all these folders that is here.
And they're going to scan all the classes and convert the classes to CSS syntax for us automatically.
So after that, we have another step.
The next step is to add the relevant directives to our CSS.
We have a global CSS file.
We need to add these three lines of codes which is going to add the basic tailwind config and styling
to our base components and utilities.
So we're going to copy this and we go back to Visual Studio Code and we go to global CSS, which is
in the app directory.
Are we going to paste this one here?
Now if we start the server again using NPN run dev, we just can use the up arrow.
To find it.
So I'm going to.
So we just use empty and run this and we go back to our website.
And if you now refresh the page, you see that the the home is going to be in a different font, which
is the font that Tillman CSS uses.
So as you can see now, we are using tail versus CSS.
So in order to be sure that you see us is working, you can see that font is different.
And also we can just show you how to use certain CSS.
In a very quick example.
If you go to the page that G6 inside the app directory and bring the VTS code on the left side so we
can see the changes in real time.
So I'm going to close the Explorer section using Contour B.
So let me increase this size.
So here inside the diff, if we for example, if want to change the color of this text, we can just
just write down text and we just say, for example, red.
And
if we just wait, we get some suggestion from the Tilman CSS IntelliSense extension, which is showing
us the different red colors here.
So for example, if I choose text red 600 we get.
This red color.
So if I remove the.
Zoom level here.
You can also increase the size of the text by just saying text, for example, 3xl, And if you want
to know what three XL means, you just need to.
Use counter space at the end of the code and it shows the font.
Font detail.
For example, text three Excel is font size 1.875 rem, which is 30 pixels and line height 36 pixel.
So any, any time you don't understand a table with CSS class, you just use contour space.
For example, here you get the definition for this class.
So the tell us this is going to add these classes, these classes, and this syntax is for us automatically.
All right.
That was it for installing the tail one CSS.
Let's add this one to the GitHub the second time we are using and we want to add our command to the
GitHub, we don't need to stop the server and do it manually.
We can use alter shift G to open the source control.
For the Visual Studio Code.
And here you can see all the changes that we have done.
For example, we have modified these two files.
We have.
I think this is for Entourage.
So this is these new files are created.
These files are deleted.
As you can see, it has a delete and these files are modified.
So if you add if you want to add all the changes, you just click here on the plus side.
And here at the top, you just write down your message as a comment, which is, for example, install
tailwind, CSS, and you can click here to commit it or you can just click on this arrow icon and click
on Commit and Push at the same time, which is going to push all the changes inside the GitHub that
we have.
And we could if you go back to our GitHub repository.
We just click here to see the.
All the changes.
Now we see that we have three commands, and if you click here, we see that the the newest commit is
installed tailwind CSS.
Let's review what we have done inside this section.
So inside the J, you can see we have installed three packages related to Taylor.
CSS called out of prefix for post CSS and Taylor CSS.
Then inside the proposed CSIS, that conflict that is this file is created automatically by Taylor and
CSIS.
And then we have.
Deleted.
As you can see, went to the bin.
So we we have deleted a file on that IQ icon, but we have added a new icon called Fabric on SVG.
Then.
Uh, we have deleted three SVG files here and also inside the globals that CSS, we have added these
three lines of code.
We have changed the fabric on address inside the G6 and inside the page.
The G6.
We have added some example related to tail and CSS.
And finally inside the Telvin that conflicts.
As we have updated this file to include the RC and app directories.
All right, that was it for installing the tailwind CSS for our project.
So in the next section, we're going to work on the header section of our project.
I'm going to show you how we can have a header and add it to the home page.
So see in the next section.